I am a student and I don't have any special source of income. I studied in a government school. My father is a shopkeeper and so because of the money crisis, I couldn't go to the top private college.
I don't have enough money to afford to join top world universities and have no job and my family income is very low. Also currently the economical situation of my country is very bad and so many job applicants but the jobs are not enough. So, to compete with other candidates, in the job competition, I need to achieve excellent skills.
 That is why I was hoping if I could get help from this financial aid so that I can learn excellent skills and add the certificates of the courses I have attended to all of my applications and resume. I need all the help so that I can get a proper job to make my future bright. 



Receiving this scholarship will boost my self-confidence, knowing that I not only completed a very important task but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting me closer to my career goals. A scholarship would help me complete my studies concisely and allow me the best opportunity to fully grasp the material to the best of my ability. Being the first generation, in my family to attend college, I have always aspired to learn the right way to manage money and to produce successful budgets. I also believe in giving back to my community by helping others in financial crisis, so they won't have the same financial burdens that I had growing up in a single-family household. I just feel blessed that I am allowed to be awarded a scholarship to help fulfill my dreams and I will prove that I do have what it takes to not only be a successful student but an outstanding software engineer. 


Because I have one younger brother and sister. They are also studying in schools right now. 
                 And Only My father is the working member of the family. So, my family income is low to support all three children. That is why the biggest reason for not taking a low-interest loan is my financial strength to pay for my education.
